nymph in a big river is different from
fishing on a small river there is a
great chance to catch big fish and we
have to adapt everything to that very
important is also choosing the place
will where we will be fishing here will
will use technique the short and long
nymph
we will especially fish rhaggy places
with obstacles in the riverbed just at
those places we can expect a bigger
concentration of fish we can expect the
biggest catches at places that the
stream brings most food and the fish
does not have to use too much energy we
have to try to read the river even in a
strong and deep stream and locate small
obstacles on the river bottom by the
fish are hiding
we have to try to get our flies to just
such places our presentation has to be
as natural as possible
and here is the first fish it seems to
be a very nice grayling
it struggles strongly in the fast stream
but soon gives up
you
you will remove the hook carefully and
put the fish back where it belongs
we try to raid through that little as
possible especially in such a strong
stream it is better to extend the course
of the Flies by dipping the rod tip down
to the water surface for fishing the
farther places we can even extend the
line by several meters at the end that
the stream carry the Flies up from the
bottom and then liven them up by moving
the tip of the rod the jerk on the rod
and there seems to be a nice fish on the
line these moments will appreciate the
quality of our equipment we can now
enjoy quietly landing a nice fish
let's free the fish and move several
meters up the stream